get anyone what do you like it I've been
tagged while i study craft bushcraft to
show why hits the fan live in civil
life think about this what does it mean
and my take on it is the vias probably a
short term in salem in an urban area I
maybe had time to grab a little bit of
cute and I want to get get out of Dodge
as it were gonna shape too nice most of
us would I think in that situation of a
folding knife in the fixed blade folding
knife or I possibly consider going with
this one Cold Steel garage are free it's
very very strong locking mechanism it's
going to cover all the contingencies I
can possibly think of you know hits
the pan everything from utility use
Frieda to possibly defensive type tasks
to put very strong little blade not a
bad bit of gear at all you know of
course given the choice in a head time
I'd also take a fixed blade and i'll
just show you what it is I'm just going
to pan the camera down a little bit to
hopefully show you this one of the
things that occurs to me in an urban
search be you don't wanna there
looking like Rambo I having all the gear
on despite you want to be what they call
it gray men just blend into the crowd
yeah have a look online so I be you
probably don't really see anything too
much going on at least I hope not it's
pretty inconspicuous whoever under here
I've actually got a full seven inch
right knife but not I got this one yeah
Theriot rat 7 great knife very very
strong dependable 1095 carbon steel
Carter handles it's not going anywhere
it's not going to slip out of your group
anything what was that was the same that
cold steel the grip on that cold steel
give us what he means it's not going
anywhere good thing about this is a
high-tech shape of smoke for me vodka
and it's on a tech lock so it gives it
rides a little behind as you can see me
that's okay because that gives me if I
pulled my t-shirt or maybe wearing a
fleece sweater then I can cover the
bottom into that achieve quite
effectively
yes you've got a little bit to draw up
it's not a big drummer so you have a
good thing key box is should I need to
bring reason take that knife off my
person fairly quickly because maybe I
just need to stash it in my bag or
something again listen to the subtle
side of the whole living situation I can
do that really really fast if this knife
and it's also going to give me
capabilities outside the urban
environment if I end up what ideally if
it really turns bad I want to get the
hell out of the urban environment it'll
be a zoo people going crazy early so
this also because i wilt in the soil a
knife really really well so that's my
pick and yeah thanks for the tag stony
craft appreciate that I'm going to tag
three people I know stony take 250 don't
have that many friends so I'm going to
take free Ozzy's i'm going to take cam
options are good and troy down south
astray so I those three guys who care to
make a video with their take on this
that'll be terrific thanks for watching
guys take care laughing